==============
SABX10 Library
==============

v1.0, 1/28/2010

Contact:
Jay Farrimond
jay@sabikerides.com
http://www.sabikerides.com/

Overview
========

This is a library that contains everything necessary to create, modify, and
make maps from SABX 1.0 files.  SABX 1.0 files contain data describing a
bicycle ride.  This includes things like stops, turns, directions, waypoints,
photos, and other minutia.

Currently, the SABX format is at version 1.0.  As new versions come out, new
versions of the library will be added and old versions will be preserved.  I do
this because I don't expect everyone using SABX files to upgrade all at once
when the format changes.  The version 1.0 format library is called sabx10.

The oxm and templating sub-packages provide basic functionality shared by all
the other sub-packages in sabx10. The oxm sub-package has code to read and
parse SABX 1.0 files into a Python object hierarchy.  The templating
sub-package has code to help in using Jinja2 templates from the command-line.

The utils sub-package and its related scripts are a set of Python utilities to
manage SABX 1.0 files.

The map, osm, pdf-gen, and profiles sub-packages, and their related scripts,
are a set of Python utilities to generate maps from SABX files.

This library is currently tested under Ubuntu 9.04, which defaults to Python
2.6.  I'm not sure how well it works under other versions of Python and other
operating systems, so keep an eye out for errors if you're using it on anything
other than Ubuntu 9.04 and Python 2.6.

Documentation
=============

Documentation for the sabx10 package is included in the download in the
html_docs directory.

TUTORIAL.html, included in the download, gives instructions for creating and
updating SABX files.

SETUP.html, also included in the download, gives instructions for setting up
the map-creation scripts.

Documentation for each of the utilities can be accessed by invoking them with
the "-m" command-line option.  The utilities are:

gpx2sabx
sabx2csv
sabx2html
sabx_cleanup
sabx_csv
sabx_ele_analyze
sabx_number
sabx_pretty
sabx_seg_closest
sabx_seg_reverse
sabx_usgs
tcx2sabx
sabx_map_ride
sabx_map_ridedata
sabx_map_staging
sabx_osm_osm
sabx_osm_render
sabx_osm_styles
sabx_osm_styles_cluster
sabx_pdf_combine
sabx_pdf_instructions
sabx_profiles2pdf
sabx_profiles_plot

Prerequisites
=============

The sabx10 package requires the Jinja2 Python package.

Download
========

This package can be found at
http://www.sabikerides.com/sabx/1/0/sabx10-1.0.tar.gz

Installation Instructions
=========================

This is a standard Python package.  Just unpack it, then run the following
command (you may need to run it using sudo):

$ python setup.py install

Once you have installed the package, the SETUP.html file (included in the
package) contains instructions for setting-up and customizing SABX map
creation.

Related Items
=============

The SABX 1.0 file format is more fully described at
http://www.sabikerides.com/sabx/1/0/.

Change History
==============

v1.0 - 1/28/2010
This is the initial release of the library.

Copyright
=========

The sabx10 package is broken into two parts for licensing.  The sub-package
sabx10.oxm is licensed under the less-restrictive Lesser GPLv3 license, while
the rest of the sabx10 package is licensed under the the regular GPLv3 license.
This is so that the sabx10.oxm code can be more easily used by other projects,
while the rest of sabx10 will be extended, rather than subsumed.

sabx10
------

sabx10 - an SABX file manipulation library
Copyright (C) 2009, 2010 Jay Farrimond (jay@sabikerides.com)

sabx10 is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

sabx10 is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
sabx10.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

sabx10.oxm
----------

The sabx10.oxm package constitutes sabx10.oxm.

sabx10.oxm - an SABX file manipulation library
Copyright (C) 2009, 2010 Jay Farrimond (jay@sabikerides.com)

sabx10.oxm is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

sabx10.oxm is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along
with sabx10.oxm.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.