============
SABX Library
============

Contact:
Jay Farrimond
jay@sabikerides.com
http://www.sabikerides.com/

Overview
========

This is a library that contains everything necessary to create, modify, and
make maps from SABX files.  SABX files contain data describing a bicycle ride.
This includes things like stops, turns, directions, waypoints, photos, and
other minutia.

Currently, the SABX file format is at version 1.0.  As new versions come out,
new versions of the library will be added and old versions will be preserved.
I do this because I don't expect everyone using SABX files to upgrade all at
once when the format changes.

In order to accomodate multiple file versions, I've created this project using
the following directory structure:

sabx/
  1/
    0/

Everything for version 1.0 of the SABX format is under the path sabx/1/0/. When
version 1.1 of the library is created, it will be under sabx/1/1/.  When
version 2.0 of the library is created, it will be under sabx/2/0/.  And so on
until development ceases.

The version 1.0 format library is a Python package called sabx10.  It lives in
sabx/1/0/sabx10.  All the supporting files for it are in sabx/1/0.

Related Items
=============

The SABX project is described here:
http://www.sabikerides.com/testing/sabx/index.html

The SABX 1.0 file format is more fully described at
http://www.sabikerides.com/sabx/1/0/index.html

The sabx10 library is described here:
http://www.sabikerides.com/testing/sabx/1/0/sabx10.html

Copyright
=========

The sabx10 package is broken into two parts for licensing.  The sub-package
sabx10.oxm is licensed under the less-restrictive Lesser GPLv3 license, while
the rest of the sabx10 package is licensed under the the regular GPLv3 license.
This is so that the sabx10.oxm code can be more easily used by other projects,
while the rest of sabx10 will be extended, rather than consumed.

sabx10
------

sabx10 - an SABX file manipulation library
Copyright (C) 2009, 2010 Jay Farrimond (jay@sabikerides.com)

sabx10 is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

sabx10 is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
sabx10.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

sabx10.oxm
----------

The sabx10.oxm package constitutes sabx10.oxm.

sabx10.oxm - an SABX file manipulation library
Copyright (C) 2009, 2010 Jay Farrimond (jay@sabikerides.com)

sabx10.oxm is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any
later version.

sabx10.oxm is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along
with sabx10.oxm.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/.
